<p>Author : Artem SHEYKO</p>
<p>Nowadays customers are increasingly looking for ways to obtain insights from all their data. Volume, speed and complexity of data now defeats traditional analytics tools, that’s why more and more customers now realize that traditional approaches in conjunction with Business Intelligence are not enough. While Business Intelligence addresses descriptive and diagnostic analysis, Data Science unlocks new opportunities through predictive and prescriptive analysis. This causes a high demand for solutions using Data Science and Machine Learning in a near-real time that can adapt to a rapidly changing environment, that can work « at the edge » (i.e. directly on the sensors’ side, thanks to “Edge Computing”).</p>
<p>The purpose of this book is to provide an instructionally organized introduction to the field of Internet of Things and in which way Data Science and Machine Learning can be used for building and deploying predictive models locally on devices.</p>
<p>The book also provides an overview of the Azure IoT Edge service using task oriented descriptions and concrete end-to-end example, sufficient to ensure the reader can immediately begin using all the advantages of a new service. It describes all aspects from data ingress for applying machine to deploying the resulting model as a set of modules on devices allowing spend less time sending messages to the cloud and react more quickly to changes.</p>
<p>The simplicity of this innovative service from Microsoft will help to build the intelligent edge, to manage and deliver cloud intelligence locally. Learn how you can quickly build, deploy and run custom logic, Azure services and artificial intelligence directly on cross-platform IoT devices – from a small Raspberry Pi to large industrial machines.</p>

